Emory, you are a white wolf among the snow covered forests, slowly making your way through the cold stricken evergreen trees. You come upon a bare burnt husk of tree once so massive it could have housed a dwarf or little girl about the age of 10. As you peak inside you see a fire pit with just embers stirring, putting off a little heat. You curl up to it and start to drift off, your piercing eyes come to a calm and blink shut. Your breathing slows, and you are in a deep sleep. You start to dream of a little girl dressed in white, curled up next to the fire where you fell asleep. She has the same eye color you have, and gentle soul. You know, you all too well, that is you. You in your human form. She's beautiful. She's at peace sitting there and humming and enjoying life. As you dream of yourself sitting next to the brightly lit fire, the flames reach endlessly into the night. Peaks and valleys of reds, yellows and oranges carelessly swaying with the small breeze drifting in from the opening in the burnt tree husk. You see a small expression on your face, it looks like sadness but the closer you look you can see it's not just sadness, it's loneliness. How can it be? You have so much more outside of the mountains you are now calling home. These mountains are just now not just your home, but they are what you grew up feeling. They're home to you because you can walk down each cliff and tell anyone who would listen of the time you tripped and scrapped your knee when you were aimlessly walking looking at the sky. Her expression starts to change, as tears fall from her eyes. She's smiling. As you remember memories of her past, she remembers. She remembers everything from the trees dancing in the wind, sweet songs being sung by the birds and how the grass felt on her bare feet. Your next memory is of you in the middle of two peaks down in the valley flush with green grass and tall autumn colored trees. You're running with laughter so loud it pushes birds out of the treetops into the skies. You have two little beasts following in your footsteps trying their hardest to keep up. They're laughing along with you as they chase you through the fields splattered with bright yellow dandelions. One a boy, one a girl. The older is the boy, and the younger is the girl. They are in their human forms. Even more tears fall from the edge of your eyes, and even a bigger smile forms. You hear two echoing howls come from the entrance of burnt tree. The boy and girl are standing there peaking in, in their wolf forms. Both a light grey of color. 
