4968 B.C. on a planet so new that life was lush with colors so bright and full of life there happened a miracle. A thunderous boom came from the skies as the area about fifty feet above a luscious green field, the wind started to be sucked inward into an ever growing vacuum of dark blues and purples. Within seconds a dark reflecting surface started to appear out of the whole in the vacuum that was created. As it passed the threshold the whole it left started to shrink and as quickly as it came it disappeared leaving a hovering object. This object was close to being a hundred feet or so across in diameter. It was shaped in an oblong oval with a bigger bottom than its top. The object started to lower to the field. As it came closer anchors propel out of the lower side connecting with the ground. The object acted if it was so light in weight when fully set in place, not much sound was created as it settled. Once fully settled a small platform was lowering diagonally onto the ground, leaving a pathway from the object to the field. Two figures appeared at the top of the pathway. The left figure stood about four and half feet, slender build across the torso. The right figure stood just shy of couples inches shorter than the other figure, their torso was more taught. Both figures were covered in a loosely fitted white uniform. Across the right side of their chest there set a couple words on their uniforms. On the taller figure the words spelled out “Prjct A.D.AM” and on the shorter figure the words were, “Prjct EV.E”. This could have spoken for who they were, but it was their rankings in unknown. The figure known as Prjct A.D.AM stepped forward with their left arm reaching upwards their opposite shoulder pressing a patch that acted as a communicator, “This is Prjct A.D.AM, Prjct EV.E and I have landed on the planet. We should start surveying the land once Prjct EV.E collects samples from the surrounding land site.” There was no reply to their transmission. Prjct A.D.AM looked over at Prjct EV.E, “They haven’t responded, it could be this planets atmosphere blocking our communication with the hub.”Prjct EV.E responded, “Lets give them a couple moments to see if they can reach us another way. If not, we’ll use other tactics to reach out.”
