“The Figure, Hirahna speaks of are known as, The Hutuari. They are soldiers that were bred to kill from the Pilantre System just beyond the treaty line. When we first arrived at the Ice Belt Wars, they had their regular fleets fighting our men, but then everything changed when they sent their elite. The elite fleet, The Hutuari, were savages, soldiers with no honor and only one directive; To leave nothing standing. That even meant if their own allies got in their way, they killed them without a second thought.” rambled Lieutenant Punpan. 

“Then how did we win the war? How did we come up with a treaty?” Hirahna questioned Lt. Punpan.

“We don’t have a treaty with them. We never have. We have one with the Belter Committee. Once they seen we were not going to win the war against them, we put our fight aside and let many men and women die in the fight against The Hutuari.” explained Lt. Punpan, “We were able to push them from the system but we did not defeat them. Once we were sure they were across the Bigophe Bridge, we collapsed it. There is no way they were able to come back unless they rebuilt it or.. “

“Or.. not all of them were pushed back and hid.” Rocket Man added, “They must have hid out among the wreckage and waited until we retreated our forces back to their stations to come out of hiding.”

————————————–

Floating among the stars alongside her enemy, Captain Burhnart looked back at her once thriving ship, destroyed as her crew drifted further and further away. 

The crew of Rechorse were in lingering stasis for some time before the distress made contact with Hirahna’s ship, the Valcun. 

————————————-

“Speaking with Aleia, we notified her that were was nobody else on board the Rechorse. The Captain’s Deck was jettisoned and destroyed once it lost connection with the Rechorse. There was only the crew we were able to save.” Hirahna spoke, “We were unable to find any clues of this Figure, or Hutuari. I personally sent out search ships to check the wreckage of the Captain’s Deck but all they found was Captain Burhnart’s body, damaged from an unknown source.” 
