“As we were aligning our vessel towards D.I.M718, the nearest outpost, I was notified about Aleia waking up in the medical ward. She was panicking about the safety of her crew and ours. Aleia was rambling about a mysterious figure that boarded their ship.” Hirahna directed towards the Lieutenant Punpan and his men. 

“A mysterious figure? Was it someone they didn’t notice or a Star Droid sent to help them?” Rocket Man asked Hirahna.

“We asked her what it could have been and she could barely answer, but she confirmed they were not a droid, it was tall figure towering most men. Aleia stated it had on darkened armor much like our carbonite, but it was infused with a glowing particle. As they shot at the figure, the particles deflected their lasers and guns. “ Hirahna explained.

Lieutenant Punpan stepped back away from the window and turned in horror. 

“Lieutenant are you fine? What is it? Do you know of the figure Hirahna is describing?” Rocket Man asked Lieutenant Punpan.

“Yes, yes I know them all too well. They were not there to help the crew. They were there to destroy any living species and collect their fuel rods along with any weaponry on those ships.”


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

As the capsule closed over Aleia, her eyes closed, her thoughts silenced. She was now down for the deep sleep with no wake time. 

Stumbling over towards the medical display board, a tall figure appears on the Captain’s Deck. It stood there looking over Captain Burhnart and she slammed the jettison button. 

A loud fracturing sound pierced the deck, a dark red pulse left the Figure’s hand, and collided with Captain Burhnart’s lower abdomen. 

“You… you human. You cannot save them all. They will die by us. “ roared the Figure.

“They are not the ones leaving the ship. They will survive, but unlike you. You and I are destined to die cowardly.” Captain Burhnart bold claimed as she lifted her hand off the button. 

The roof of the Captain’s Deck disengages from the capsule. All sounds and breaths of the Figure and Captain Burhnart were instantly silenced. Their bodies are violently sucked into the vacuums of space. 
