… Rocket Man requesting dock permission to come aboard E.C.H.O …
… Docking request granted, welcome aboard Rocket Man …

Stepping out of this shuttle, Rocket Man notices his superiors rushing towards him.

“Rocket Man, we have a serious issue up in the med bay. There seems to be an young male stating he knows you and that he is from Ercay Vollum. “ stated Lieutenant Scholkze. “We’re questioning his statements but he called you by your birth name. “

Rocket Man hurries off the ladder towards the medical bay, his thoughts rush, “Who is he? How does he know me?”

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

“Good Morning class.” Miss Jon Veu stated, “Today is just going to be a short day as you all know, because the Captain is wanting everyone on deck as we pass this next settlement. They haven’t really stated if they are hostile or if they are wanting to land.”

As Miss Jon Veu spent the next two hours teaching the new recruits the basic security standards and radio commands, E.C.H.O. was preparing to land on the new settlement.

… All Able Bodies to the Deck! …
… All Able Bodies to the Deck! …

Rocket Man looks over at the other recruits and asks, “Where are we landing? I haven’t been filled in.”

“We’re landing on K17-Hena. Apparently they were sending out a distress beacon and E.C.H.O. picked it up two days ago but we haven’t received any broadcasts from them.” a recruit said rushing by.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Rocket Man reaches the window that separates the Med Bay from the deck. Looking in through window he notices the man that has been requesting his presence.  

The man looks up from the ground and walks over to the window. “It’s about time you come, I’ve been waiting on this empire crap of a hub. Have them release me.”

Rocket Man turns around and motions to the Captain, “This man, has been cataloged as K.I.A. How is he standing here? Where is our lieutenant? He should have the records on his death.”

“RELEASE ME!” yell the man, “Don’t make me tell them why you decided to join E.C.H.O. I’ll do it.”

Rocket Man rushes back to the window, “Nobody needs to know, plus how do we know you are really you? I was told you were killed back in the Ice Belt War.” angrily directed towards the man.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

… Prepare for departure, we’re going in full teams. We have not been notified of what or who is down on the planet. Keep your arms at ease until notified otherwise. …
