“When the brigade was targeting the outer planets, I received a distress call. I looked at my crew, and we all knew there was no sides, there was no war. We needed to save the crew stranded. “ The man in the med bay spoke. 

“A stranded crew? Who was it?” Rocket Man asked. 

“There were a group of miners and transporters beyond the treaty line, they were pushed past that point because they were running from the attacking fleet. We wondered why the fleet didn’t just chase and finish them off, but we realized what happened when we boarded their ship.” the man stated.

“You boarded their ship? why?” Rocket Man was intrigued.

“We arrived to their distress beacon. There were two ships that have coupled together. It looked like one was trying to dock up with the other to transfer it’s crew. From what we understood, they were consolidating their resources to see if they could get back to the nearest outpost. But .. there was a problem.. Someone or something beat us to the stranded crew.” ranted the man, as he rose from his chair pacing the med bay.

“Someone.. Something? You’re not making sense, Hirahna. What happened on the ships?” Rocket Man stood up towards Hirahna.

“After a few attempts at calling out to them, nobody answered. We were going to call it a bogus distress, and leave the wreckage, but someone spoke up.” Hirahna spoke. “This female named Aleia responded stating that her crew needs medical. They’re on their last stretch of stasis supplies.”

“Hirahna, Aleia? My Aleia? was aboard that ship? How and Why?” Rocket Man questioned. “She couldn’t have been there, she was sent out on a mission to claim orders from the The Capitol. Her trajectory was planned to not go even near the treaty line.”

“I wondered too if it was your wife, but I couldn’t tell through the broken static coming through the comms. We had to save them and get their reports to send back to the citadel.” Hirahna directed his answer toward the men standing outside of the med bay window. “We boarded and collected her crew and placed them in our bay, and treated those who were further gone from the stasis gel. We had good intentions to save everyone, but our deeds did not go unnoticed.”

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

… MAYDAY! MAYDAY! This is the Rechorse seeking help! ..
… MAYDAY! MAYDAY! If there anyone out there, the crew of the Rechorse is stranded. …

“A distress has been sent out to all the orbiting planets and crews who are in range. Captain Burhnart.” Aleia reported back to her Captain.

“Thank you Aleia, it’s now time for you to go down and prepare yourself for stasis. We need to have a leader if someone shows up.” Captain Burhnart ordered her second in command.

“What about you Captain? Will you be joining us?” Aleia questioned the Captain.

“NOW ALEIA!” Captain Burhnart demanded.
