As Echo Team Four approach an opening that leads into a dark tunnel under a giant standing red bark tree. 
“You three take the left, and the other two and I will take the right. If you see anything signal us.” Captain Varerla stated. 

As each group walked further into the tunnel their radios started whistling then followed by scratches before dying. 

“Captain! Captain! Are you there?” a general tried broadcasting through the radio, but there was no reply.

Shots echo along the tunnels. As the echoes died down there seems to be a loud rushed marching sound heading towards the soldiers. 

“Do not fire unless fired upon. We do not need any bloodshed.” Captain Varerla commanded.

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

“Why haven’t you told them who you really are? Are you afraid of them tossing you out into the depths of space?” The captured man stated to Rocket Man.

“I have told a few of who I am, but it is at a need to know basis on this hub. And right now the need to know is, how are you still alive?” Rocket Man responded.

“Well you see, when the war broke out, our platoon was surrounded by the enemy and we were to either join them or die among our brothers. “ The man answered, “Most of us decided to die and I even decided to fall next to them myself but when they got to me, the man in charge ordered them not to shoot but detain me.”

“That doesn’t seem like General CarHille to do that? He would have killed whoever stood in his way.” Rocket Man questioned the man. “What did you tell them to not kill you?”

“Someone ran up to the General in the midst of the shootings and pulled him aside. His expressions changed from brutal to serious after the conversation. The runner must have told them who I was, because he immediately demanded all the executions be stopped.” the man replied.

“What did they do with you after they stopped?” Rocket Man directed, “WHERE DID THEY TAKE YOU?”

As Rocket Man was questioning the prisoner the Lieutenant walked up to the window, “Rocket Man, I’m here, and I have the documents you requested.”

Rocket Man leaves the Med Bay and grabs the papers from the Lieutenant’s hands, “Let me see his information on his death.”

“There is the problem, Rocket Man, it’s not stated in here. I searched everywhere for it, someone has either taken them or they were never filed properly.” Lieutenant stated.

The man in the Med Bay walks up to the window, “See, someone here isn’t who they say they are, they are hiding information from you. Was it you Rocket Man?”
