Life returns to normal as people rush through the marketplace.
As Rocket Man heads back to his shuttle which sits at the edge of the trading plaza, he looks over his shoulder to see thousands of heads weaving through each other.

Though Terra was a smaller planet than Rocket Man’s planet, it was very full of life and color. Everyone had a purpose to be out with the bright yellow star overhead, vibrant green life busting through every seam. 

But there was something every planet had and that was an expiration. Terra’s expiration isn’t for another few thousands of years, but as for the home Rocket Man knew, it came a little too fast. 

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Ercay Vollum was a very young and growing planet at the edge of the Bipra Galaxy. There was just over 3 billion native, living and expanding throughout the planet. 

Rocket Man’s kind were called “The Ercatians”. Ercatians lived to be up to over 500 “Terra Years” and grew up to two and half meters. Their complexions were faded brown with a mix of blues and purples depends on which area you were from on Ercay Vollum.

Rocket Man was from “The Underside”, it was the lower end of Ercay Vollum. The Underside were not from nobility but from the exiled. Natives that were not accepted by nobility or caused trouble were exiled to the far side of the planet. As thousands were outcasts for hundreds of years, their markings started to adapt to the lands.

Ercatian nobility were a lighter brown with the blue hue to their eyes and other features. Birth markings, freckles, and battle scars would change to a blue as the Ercatians would age. As for the exiled Ercatians their markings would be a darker midnight blue, it was due to the lack of the Sun they needed.

Rocket Man decided that Ercay Vollum was no longer where he wanted to be so he signed up with the E.C.H.O. Brigade that was recruiting space travel, combat readiness, and vast riches.

Not knowing much language from growing up without the privilege to learn how to speak or write, Rocket Man only knew basic words. He signed up to the brigade and was able to meet a wonderful teacher aboard E.C.H.O. who taught him everything.

His teacher was a lovely woman who had very long brown hair, a glowing smile, and a gentle touch. She would always wear baby blue and white shirts and blouses to match her complexion. She wasn’t from Ercay Vollum but from a planet many galaxies away. His Teacher decided to join the brigade to help those who didn’t know the basics and were running from home.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Reaching his shuttle Rocket Man packs everything up, gathering his belongings, and Aleia’s cryo-bag on board.

“Cargo strapped down. Check.” He Lists, “Doors and seals locked. Check.”
“Fuel and Engine charge. Check.” He approves everything on his pre-flight check.

Rocket Man buckles up into his pilot seat and orders a destination to the main hub.

Smoke bellows from the thrusters, the shuttle starts to shake as a roaring starts to form and up Rocket Man flies.
