In the year 2103, there was a rocket man who has visited many worlds, and yet yearned to find a place call home. He landed on a place called Terra, at the end of the lunar cycle, with a dust in his eyes and bones that creaked for rest.

He walked the pathways from his shuttle to the marketplace for weeks, but today was different as he passed a stall, he witnessed this new soul standing there. As she turned, looking down at her handbag, she knocks into the rocket man.

“Excuse me.” she spoken softly.
“Oh, no excuse me.” He replied.
As quickly as the rocket man spoke, she was frozen in her spot. 
Her eyes rose from his boots to his eyes, where she spotted the years of travelling worlds away.
His jacket hung open with his midnight blue shirt wrinkled, and his belt hung tightly around his waist holding up his grey cargo pants.
When their eyes, he noticed has she held herself with confidence and respect. Her long brown hair loosely fell over her shoulders almost reach her lower back. Her white and baby blue blouse was un-tucked and placed perfectly over her hips. 
He knew exactly why she was there. She was the reason he landed on Terra.
Seconds later, scratch noises come over the Rocket Man’s walkie hanging on his shoulders, “Code 402, Aleia Jon Veu, Code 402, Confirmed K.O.S”

A resting shock comes over her face as she knew. It was the end.

The rocket man, pulls out his pistol, and raises it to her head.

“Aleia Jon Veu, your time has come.”

A shot rings out. 
Her body drops dead silent in the middle of the market place.

As her lifeless body laid there, a tear fell from his eyes. 
His mission was finally complete.

Years of searching for his wife, Aleia, has come to an end.

– Rocket Man to E.C.H.O –
– Rocket Man to E.C.H.O –
“Aleia Jon Veu has been killed.” Rocket Man relayed to headquarters.
– E.C.H.O to Rocket Man –
– E.C.H.O to Rocket Man –
“Roger that, Rocket man. Time to come back home, we have an emergency.” E.C.H.O stated.
”An emergency? what is it?” Rocket Man replied to E.C.H.O.
”More information will be sent to your comms when you start to head back.” E.C.H.O. directed.


As rocket man finishes placing Aleia into the cryo-bag, he hears a small voice among the group that has gathered to watch him clean up the scene.
“Mommy?” the little voice called out, “Mommy? Mommy where are you?”
