In the year 2103, there was a rocket man who has visited many worlds, and yet yearned to find a place call home. He landed on a place called Terra, at the end of the lunar cycle, with a dust in his eyes and bones that creaked for rest.

He walked the pathways from his shuttle to the marketplace for weeks, but today was different as he passed a stall, he witnessed this new soul standing there. As she turned, looking down at her handbag, she knocks into the rocket man.

“Excuse me.” she spoken softly.
“Oh, no excuse me.” He replied.
As quickly as the rocket man spoke, she was frozen in her spot. 
Her eyes rose from his boots to his eyes, where she spotted the years of travelling worlds away.
His jacket hung open with his midnight blue shirt wrinkled, and his belt hung tightly around his waist holding up his grey cargo pants.
When their eyes, he noticed has she held herself with confidence and respect. Her long brown hair loosely fell over her shoulders almost reach her lower back. Her white and baby blue blouse was un-tucked and placed perfectly over her hips. 
He knew exactly why she was there. She was the reason he landed on Terra.
Seconds later, scratch noises come over the Rocket Man’s walkie hanging on his shoulders, “Code 402, Aleia Jon Veu, Code 402, Confirmed K.O.S”

A resting shock comes over her face as she knew. It was the end.

The rocket man, pulls out his pistol, and raises it to her head.

“Aleia Jon Veu, your time has come.”

A shot rings out. 
Her body drops dead silent in the middle of the market place.

As her lifeless body laid there, a tear fell from his eyes. 
His mission was finally complete.

Years of searching for his wife, Aleia, has come to an end.

– Rocket Man to E.C.H.O –
– Rocket Man to E.C.H.O –
“Aleia Jon Veu has been killed.” Rocket Man relayed to headquarters.
– E.C.H.O to Rocket Man –
– E.C.H.O to Rocket Man –
“Roger that, Rocket man. Time to come back home, we have an emergency.” E.C.H.O stated.
”An emergency? what is it?” Rocket Man replied to E.C.H.O.
”More information will be sent to your comms when you start to head back.” E.C.H.O. directed.


As rocket man finishes placing Aleia into the cryo-bag, he hears a small voice among the group that has gathered to watch him clean up the scene.
“Mommy?” the little voice called out, “Mommy? Mommy where are you?”

A weird feeling started to build up in the Rocket Man’s gut, “Did she really see me shoot Aleia?” he pondered to himself?

His thoughts race, “Who is the little girl? Did she see her die?”

Another voice came from the crowd, “It will be okay, little one.”
The Rocket Man looked over at the voice and seen that a middle-aged man has taken the young child into his arms.

“Everything will be fine. I promise.” he spoke to the child.

As the man kept comforting the little child, Rocket Man walked over to him and asked, “Is she okay? did she see?”

The middle-aged man, dressed in a black undergarment with a white silk robe, named Atille, answered “Yes, she seen it all. But she hasn’t come to terms with who it was.”

“I knew who it was, but who was it to her?” Rocket Man asked Atille.

“The adults here knew, Aleia, as an illegal parts trader, but the children knew her as a their Tech teacher.” Atille spoke. “Though this little girl was her adopted daughter. Aleia took her in after biological parents were killed in the Ice Belt War.”

Rocket Man bent down to comfort the small child, “Everything will be okay. This man will explain everything to you, but I must be getting back to work.”

Leaning back up, Rocket Man stated, “The Ice Belt War was a tragedy we shouldn’t have endured. I’m sure you understand.” 

Atille nodded as he picked the child, “Yes, we know all too well. “

Atille and Rocket Man turned away from each other. 

“Rocket Man to E.C.H.O.”
“Rocket Man to E.C.H.O.”
“I am leaving Terra and should be partnered up with the main hub shortly.”
“Roger, Rocket Man, See you then. “

Life returns to normal as people rush through the marketplace.
As Rocket Man heads back to his shuttle which sits at the edge of the trading plaza, he looks over his shoulder to see thousands of heads weaving through each other.

Though Terra was a smaller planet than Rocket Man’s planet, it was very full of life and color. Everyone had a purpose to be out with the bright yellow star overhead, vibrant green life busting through every seam. 

But there was something every planet had and that was an expiration. Terra’s expiration isn’t for another few thousands of years, but as for the home Rocket Man knew, it came a little too fast. 

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Ercay Vollum was a very young and growing planet at the edge of the Bipra Galaxy. There was just over 3 billion native, living and expanding throughout the planet. 

Rocket Man’s kind were called “The Ercatians”. Ercatians lived to be up to over 500 “Terra Years” and grew up to two and half meters. Their complexions were faded brown with a mix of blues and purples depends on which area you were from on Ercay Vollum.

Rocket Man was from “The Underside”, it was the lower end of Ercay Vollum. The Underside were not from nobility but from the exiled. Natives that were not accepted by nobility or caused trouble were exiled to the far side of the planet. As thousands were outcasts for hundreds of years, their markings started to adapt to the lands.

Ercatian nobility were a lighter brown with the blue hue to their eyes and other features. Birth markings, freckles, and battle scars would change to a blue as the Ercatians would age. As for the exiled Ercatians their markings would be a darker midnight blue, it was due to the lack of the Sun they needed.

Rocket Man decided that Ercay Vollum was no longer where he wanted to be so he signed up with the E.C.H.O. Brigade that was recruiting space travel, combat readiness, and vast riches.

Not knowing much language from growing up without the privilege to learn how to speak or write, Rocket Man only knew basic words. He signed up to the brigade and was able to meet a wonderful teacher aboard E.C.H.O. who taught him everything.

His teacher was a lovely woman who had very long brown hair, a glowing smile, and a gentle touch. She would always wear baby blue and white shirts and blouses to match her complexion. She wasn’t from Ercay Vollum but from a planet many galaxies away. His Teacher decided to join the brigade to help those who didn’t know the basics and were running from home.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Reaching his shuttle Rocket Man packs everything up, gathering his belongings, and Aleia’s cryo-bag on board.

“Cargo strapped down. Check.” He Lists, “Doors and seals locked. Check.”
“Fuel and Engine charge. Check.” He approves everything on his pre-flight check.

Rocket Man buckles up into his pilot seat and orders a destination to the main hub.

Smoke bellows from the thrusters, the shuttle starts to shake as a roaring starts to form and up Rocket Man flies.

… Rocket Man requesting dock permission to come aboard E.C.H.O …
… Docking request granted, welcome aboard Rocket Man …

Stepping out of this shuttle, Rocket Man notices his superiors rushing towards him.

“Rocket Man, we have a serious issue up in the med bay. There seems to be an young male stating he knows you and that he is from Ercay Vollum. “ stated Lieutenant Scholkze. “We’re questioning his statements but he called you by your birth name. “

Rocket Man hurries off the ladder towards the medical bay, his thoughts rush, “Who is he? How does he know me?”

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

“Good Morning class.” Miss Jon Veu stated, “Today is just going to be a short day as you all know, because the Captain is wanting everyone on deck as we pass this next settlement. They haven’t really stated if they are hostile or if they are wanting to land.”

As Miss Jon Veu spent the next two hours teaching the new recruits the basic security standards and radio commands, E.C.H.O. was preparing to land on the new settlement.

… All Able Bodies to the Deck! …
… All Able Bodies to the Deck! …

Rocket Man looks over at the other recruits and asks, “Where are we landing? I haven’t been filled in.”

“We’re landing on K17-Hena. Apparently they were sending out a distress beacon and E.C.H.O. picked it up two days ago but we haven’t received any broadcasts from them.” a recruit said rushing by.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

Rocket Man reaches the window that separates the Med Bay from the deck. Looking in through window he notices the man that has been requesting his presence.  

The man looks up from the ground and walks over to the window. “It’s about time you come, I’ve been waiting on this empire crap of a hub. Have them release me.”

Rocket Man turns around and motions to the Captain, “This man, has been cataloged as K.I.A. How is he standing here? Where is our lieutenant? He should have the records on his death.”

“RELEASE ME!” yell the man, “Don’t make me tell them why you decided to join E.C.H.O. I’ll do it.”

Rocket Man rushes back to the window, “Nobody needs to know, plus how do we know you are really you? I was told you were killed back in the Ice Belt War.” angrily directed towards the man.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

… Prepare for departure, we’re going in full teams. We have not been notified of what or who is down on the planet. Keep your arms at ease until notified otherwise. …

As Echo Team Four approach an opening that leads into a dark tunnel under a giant standing red bark tree. 
“You three take the left, and the other two and I will take the right. If you see anything signal us.” Captain Varerla stated. 

As each group walked further into the tunnel their radios started whistling then followed by scratches before dying. 

“Captain! Captain! Are you there?” a general tried broadcasting through the radio, but there was no reply.

Shots echo along the tunnels. As the echoes died down there seems to be a loud rushed marching sound heading towards the soldiers. 

“Do not fire unless fired upon. We do not need any bloodshed.” Captain Varerla commanded.

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

“Why haven’t you told them who you really are? Are you afraid of them tossing you out into the depths of space?” The captured man stated to Rocket Man.

“I have told a few of who I am, but it is at a need to know basis on this hub. And right now the need to know is, how are you still alive?” Rocket Man responded.

“Well you see, when the war broke out, our platoon was surrounded by the enemy and we were to either join them or die among our brothers. “ The man answered, “Most of us decided to die and I even decided to fall next to them myself but when they got to me, the man in charge ordered them not to shoot but detain me.”

“That doesn’t seem like General CarHille to do that? He would have killed whoever stood in his way.” Rocket Man questioned the man. “What did you tell them to not kill you?”

“Someone ran up to the General in the midst of the shootings and pulled him aside. His expressions changed from brutal to serious after the conversation. The runner must have told them who I was, because he immediately demanded all the executions be stopped.” the man replied.

“What did they do with you after they stopped?” Rocket Man directed, “WHERE DID THEY TAKE YOU?”

As Rocket Man was questioning the prisoner the Lieutenant walked up to the window, “Rocket Man, I’m here, and I have the documents you requested.”

Rocket Man leaves the Med Bay and grabs the papers from the Lieutenant’s hands, “Let me see his information on his death.”

“There is the problem, Rocket Man, it’s not stated in here. I searched everywhere for it, someone has either taken them or they were never filed properly.” Lieutenant stated.

The man in the Med Bay walks up to the window, “See, someone here isn’t who they say they are, they are hiding information from you. Was it you Rocket Man?”

“When the brigade was targeting the outer planets, I received a distress call. I looked at my crew, and we all knew there was no sides, there was no war. We needed to save the crew stranded. “ The man in the med bay spoke. 

“A stranded crew? Who was it?” Rocket Man asked. 

“There were a group of miners and transporters beyond the treaty line, they were pushed past that point because they were running from the attacking fleet. We wondered why the fleet didn’t just chase and finish them off, but we realized what happened when we boarded their ship.” the man stated.

“You boarded their ship? why?” Rocket Man was intrigued.

“We arrived to their distress beacon. There were two ships that have coupled together. It looked like one was trying to dock up with the other to transfer it’s crew. From what we understood, they were consolidating their resources to see if they could get back to the nearest outpost. But .. there was a problem.. Someone or something beat us to the stranded crew.” ranted the man, as he rose from his chair pacing the med bay.

“Someone.. Something? You’re not making sense, Hirahna. What happened on the ships?” Rocket Man stood up towards Hirahna.

“After a few attempts at calling out to them, nobody answered. We were going to call it a bogus distress, and leave the wreckage, but someone spoke up.” Hirahna spoke. “This female named Aleia responded stating that her crew needs medical. They’re on their last stretch of stasis supplies.”

“Hirahna, Aleia? My Aleia? was aboard that ship? How and Why?” Rocket Man questioned. “She couldn’t have been there, she was sent out on a mission to claim orders from the The Capitol. Her trajectory was planned to not go even near the treaty line.”

“I wondered too if it was your wife, but I couldn’t tell through the broken static coming through the comms. We had to save them and get their reports to send back to the citadel.” Hirahna directed his answer toward the men standing outside of the med bay window. “We boarded and collected her crew and placed them in our bay, and treated those who were further gone from the stasis gel. We had good intentions to save everyone, but our deeds did not go unnoticed.”

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

… MAYDAY! MAYDAY! This is the Rechorse seeking help! ..
… MAYDAY! MAYDAY! If there anyone out there, the crew of the Rechorse is stranded. …

“A distress has been sent out to all the orbiting planets and crews who are in range. Captain Burhnart.” Aleia reported back to her Captain.

“Thank you Aleia, it’s now time for you to go down and prepare yourself for stasis. We need to have a leader if someone shows up.” Captain Burhnart ordered her second in command.

“What about you Captain? Will you be joining us?” Aleia questioned the Captain.

“NOW ALEIA!” Captain Burhnart demanded.

“As we were aligning our vessel towards D.I.M718, the nearest outpost, I was notified about Aleia waking up in the medical ward. She was panicking about the safety of her crew and ours. Aleia was rambling about a mysterious figure that boarded their ship.” Hirahna directed towards the Lieutenant Punpan and his men. 

“A mysterious figure? Was it someone they didn’t notice or a Star Droid sent to help them?” Rocket Man asked Hirahna.

“We asked her what it could have been and she could barely answer, but she confirmed they were not a droid, it was tall figure towering most men. Aleia stated it had on darkened armor much like our carbonite, but it was infused with a glowing particle. As they shot at the figure, the particles deflected their lasers and guns. “ Hirahna explained.

Lieutenant Punpan stepped back away from the window and turned in horror. 

“Lieutenant are you fine? What is it? Do you know of the figure Hirahna is describing?” Rocket Man asked Lieutenant Punpan.

“Yes, yes I know them all too well. They were not there to help the crew. They were there to destroy any living species and collect their fuel rods along with any weaponry on those ships.”


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

As the capsule closed over Aleia, her eyes closed, her thoughts silenced. She was now down for the deep sleep with no wake time. 

Stumbling over towards the medical display board, a tall figure appears on the Captain’s Deck. It stood there looking over Captain Burhnart and she slammed the jettison button. 

A loud fracturing sound pierced the deck, a dark red pulse left the Figure’s hand, and collided with Captain Burhnart’s lower abdomen. 

“You… you human. You cannot save them all. They will die by us. “ roared the Figure.

“They are not the ones leaving the ship. They will survive, but unlike you. You and I are destined to die cowardly.” Captain Burhnart bold claimed as she lifted her hand off the button. 

The roof of the Captain’s Deck disengages from the capsule. All sounds and breaths of the Figure and Captain Burhnart were instantly silenced. Their bodies are violently sucked into the vacuums of space. 

“The Figure, Hirahna speaks of are known as, The Hutuari. They are soldiers that were bred to kill from the Pilantre System just beyond the treaty line. When we first arrived at the Ice Belt Wars, they had their regular fleets fighting our men, but then everything changed when they sent their elite. The elite fleet, The Hutuari, were savages, soldiers with no honor and only one directive; To leave nothing standing. That even meant if their own allies got in their way, they killed them without a second thought.” rambled Lieutenant Punpan. 

“Then how did we win the war? How did we come up with a treaty?” Hirahna questioned Lt. Punpan.

“We don’t have a treaty with them. We never have. We have one with the Belter Committee. Once they seen we were not going to win the war against them, we put our fight aside and let many men and women die in the fight against The Hutuari.” explained Lt. Punpan, “We were able to push them from the system but we did not defeat them. Once we were sure they were across the Bigophe Bridge, we collapsed it. There is no way they were able to come back unless they rebuilt it or.. “

“Or.. not all of them were pushed back and hid.” Rocket Man added, “They must have hid out among the wreckage and waited until we retreated our forces back to their stations to come out of hiding.”

————————————–

Floating among the stars alongside her enemy, Captain Burhnart looked back at her once thriving ship, destroyed as her crew drifted further and further away. 

The crew of Rechorse were in lingering stasis for some time before the distress made contact with Hirahna’s ship, the Valcun. 

————————————-

“Speaking with Aleia, we notified her that were was nobody else on board the Rechorse. The Captain’s Deck was jettisoned and destroyed once it lost connection with the Rechorse. There was only the crew we were able to save.” Hirahna spoke, “We were unable to find any clues of this Figure, or Hutuari. I personally sent out search ships to check the wreckage of the Captain’s Deck but all they found was Captain Burhnart’s body, damaged from an unknown source.” 
