0.0.1
~
That night the wind was so strong that it swept up the snow collected on the banks alongside the road.

0.0.1-1
Walking down a dead highway, leading out of town. The view is obstructed by blinding snow and darkness. Only light that is visible is of that of my flashlight leading my way, away from the nightmare.
The nightmare called Whitetail Cove.

0.0.1-1.1
Whitetail Cove is a small town on the banks of Lake Eerie.

0.0.1-1.2
Population of Whitetail Cove average about 300 depending on the season. The highest it gets is to about 500+ during summer months, because of its location close to the lake.
Tourists come to bathe in the sun on it's beaches, and party at it's finest dive bar, Don Louie's.
On the off season in Whitetail Cove, the permanent residents live quietly and secluded.
It's like they shut their town off from the world when the last tourist leaves and it becomes full of ghosts walking the streets.

0.0.1-1.3
There is this old folk's tale, that Whitetail Cove is actually inhabited by remnants of those who used to live there before it was put on the map by a few passerby college students on their way to Sandusky for a Summer Vacation.
The Remnants are mindless corpses living in a residual lifestyle. Going on with normal daily life, never expanding outward to do something different.
Of course, myself, Tenor McCollins, don't believe those tales, because I've lived in Whitetail Cove my entire life.

0.0.1-1.4
I know you're going to ask, why am I walking down the road away from my home, and as I described it, a nightmare? It's because I know the stories, and truth behind why Whitetail Cove shuts itself off from the world during the end of the year. If you bare with me, I'm sure you'll understand why I'm running from monsters, I once was apart of.

0.0.1-2
We'll start at the beginning, where I was officially brought into the happenings of Whitetail Cove. My Parents. Juniper McCollins, my mother, bless her heart, if she was still alive.

0.0.1-2.1
Juniper McCollins was the top of her class, perfect grades, head of the cheerleader squad in high school, turned expelled punk alcoholic queen her senior year. All because of my father, Winston McCollins.
God, do I hate him with a passion, so ingrained in my bones and veins, it angers me even explaining who that devil was.

0.0.1-3
Ever since I've known my father has been an alcoholic who never went further than high school because he lost all his chances at his full ride scholarships when the Admissions Board found out he spent his senior year paying off other students to do his homework.

0.0.1-3.1
From what my mother told me, he barely knew any advanced reading or mathematics. Though he was a beloved member of the Whitetail Cove's Football team. They were known as "Stags". It is a play on the our town's name and close association to the Whitetail Deer. I entirely believe the name stuck in my father's head and he became self-centered and his ego was sky high.

0.0.1-3.2
She couldn't really remember the details to how he failed, but it involved one student getting caught going in with his credentials and trying to submit a test.

0.0.1-3.3
I'm just rambling about a man I have devoted my entire life, well the last eight years of my miserable twenty-three year existence, not having anything to do with or be comparable. I want nothing of myself being reminded of him. I've even gone as far as not saying he's my father to whoever asks. Not many people really ask around here because everyone knows everyone, but there is always some random person trying to be a smartass.
